ok I'm back here with part two of my
update for october first i'll just
quickly show you a few that my mom got i
haven't seen any of them I don't think
but first up is candy man i actually did
start watching this one but about a half
hour through i just couldn't get into it
anymore so i quit watching it but i
think she liked it pretty well I can't
really remember but when I saw I really
didn't care for it I thought it was
really stupid but then again I'm not
really into these kinds of movies in the
first place but anyway there's the
inside next up is the Roadhouse with
patrick swayze this was like five
dollars i think at sam's club since
patrick swayze died they've been putting
out some more of his movies for pretty
cheap there's the inside of that one
next step is a new release it's wrong
term three left 4 dead really really
don't care to see this I sell the first
one I like the first one but i never did
watch any of the sequels like i said
before i'm not a huge fan ease kinds of
movies i mean some slashers are okay
like one's actually have a story to them
but when it gets the ones were like it's
all about people getting hacked up and
people eating brains and eating body
parts and a bunch of other stuff like
that i just think it's too nasty and i
just can't stand to watch it sometimes
and this one in particular i have her
pretty bad things about so i really
don't see the point in watching it in
the first place next up is the shaft
some movie about people are stuck in an
elevator now just turn it off about
halfway through some swimming was pretty
stupid there's the inside of that one
okay now it just fell on the floor okay
next starred the rest of my DVDs that I
got the next one is Bonnie and Clyde
which is another one on top 250 I found
this at walmart for just five dollars I
figured you can't beat that I mean I
know this is probably I know this is a
really crappy addition it was probably
just taken right off the VHS and put
onto a DVD and has no features
whatsoever but i figured for five
dollars that's not that bad of a price
at all so i went ahead and got it and
movie itself i thought was okay i didn't
think it was brilliant i mean i know i
do probably need to watch it again to
see if I appreciate it anymore but yeah
it's about a this guy his name is Clyde
and he's a he's a troublemaker like he
commits crimes and he Rob's banks and
does a bunch of other stuff like that
and he meets this girl named Bonnie
who's a waitress and they form a
relationship with each other and he gets
around to doing the same crimes that he
does and it basically formed like a gang
and I go out and they start robbing
people and stuff like that I thought it
was okay I probably do need to watch it
again it was inside next up is a anime
film normally I'm not a huge fan of
anime but this one actually thought was
really good and this one's also in the
imdb's top 250 its grave of the
fireflies this is a really good movie
it's about it's about this family back
in its set back in World War two like
between the Japanese and the Americans
and anyways it's about this family they
witness all the bombings in our country
and the mother is killed and the brother
is left to take care of his little
sister and they're basically left to
fend for themselves and then of course
they start suffering from malnutrition
and stuff like that because i can't find
food and it's a really really sad movie
I definitely do recommend getting this
trike so it was pretty good and it
really does to open your eyes to how
about it is to be in a war like that
but yeah what's definitely a very good
movie i would recommend giving that a
try it's a two disc edition anybody else
here seen this movie I'd love I'd love
to know your thoughts on it and then
next up is a Disney movie this is
actually only ten dollars and it's a
goofy movie I used to watch this on VHS
when I was a kid and I finally found it
for just ten dollars were just kind of
surprising since it's a Disney movie and
they tend to go for pretty expensive
prices but I went ahead and got this
because it was preachy and I hadn't seen
it in forever and i recently watched it
again and it wasn't as good as i
remember but it still wasn't bad it's
about a goofy of course who we all know
and he has a son named Max and he feels
like he's not spending enough time with
Max I forces them to go on a fishing
trip with them and then of course a
bunch of stuff just goes wrong the whole
way there I thought it was okay i would
recommend giving it a shot can the last
thing i have here is a box set that has
three movies in it it's a Halloween box
set it has the final three movies in it
or at least I think it's the final three
movies anyways i'll go ahead and show on
now i haven't seen any of these yet
because i don't have many of the other
movies and i'd like to be able to watch
them in order if you know what I mean so
that's why I haven't seen any of these
but first up is Halloween the curse of
michael myers wait they have these
snappy things here and now they had this
and there's inside that one and
basically the rest of them look exactly
the same so I'm not going to open them
but we also have Halloween h2o which
I've heard pretty good things about and
then we have a halloween resurrection
which I haven't heard very good things
about but any of you have any thoughts
in these movies I'd like to hear them I
just haven't watched them y X I'd like
to be able to watch them in order and I
don't I only have the first three of the
other movies and I don't have the fourth
and the fifth one so I want to wait
until I get those so that I can actually
watch them in order if you know what i
mean but yeah if any of you have any
thoughts on this I'd like to hear him
but yeah that's my update I I know I
didn't have a whole lot I should have a
whole lot by Christmas but yeah that's
my update and I hope you enjoyed it